hey guys Ryan here and just like Ally
Greg got over his fear of clowns no I
did not
okay maybe he didn't but we're back
together and we are breaking down
episode 8 of American Horror Story cult
now before we do that just make sure to
hit subscribe down below we are covering
plenty more TV shows we got The Walking
Dead this show of course and the French
okay well what the hell did we just
watch that was pretty insane I don't
even know where to begin here I feel
like I should have took my break this
week instead of last week you sure about
that
you hold all the power on second thought
I think I'm all right yeah cool
yeah even you didn't miss much you don't
wanna go back and see that um episode 8
is called winter of our discontent of
course alluding to winter Anderson but
also the winter of our discontent is a
John Steinbeck novel in the 60s the
title of which came from two lines of
William Shakespeare's Richard the third
so knowing all that let's jump into a
few key things that we noticed in this
episode so first off dr. Vincent isn't
in a cult I'm I take 100% fault for this
I thought he was the leader he is like
top dog and his whole thing at some
point no not at all yeah I was
completely shocked at this I thought
there's no way that he was not involved
especially being Kai's older brother and
you know all the stuff about their
parents but for him not to be involved
was a shocker and the fact that Kai and
his cult were just kind of breaking in
and learning about all of his patients
and all their you know fears and phobias
the flashbacks so many flashbacks this
show is living and dying by flashbacks
to change characters one little thing I
noticed too is that dr. Vincent helps
Allie right before he meets his demise
this seems to be a theme now when
helping Ali you're not gonna live too
long after that it sucks I don't know
it's weird yeah I didn't know when I was
watching and I was like is he really
genuine with this but you know it turns
out he was he really wanted to help
Allie and and and and trut and believed
her what she was saying he just didn't I
find it so hard that he didn't put two
and two together that it was his brother
you know I was like I just didn't know I
didn't know that it was like
so unbelievable but I guess he was a
good guy after all
was there something behind the scenes we
don't know yet why did they kill off dr.
Vincent this way but it seemed like
they're just gonna play him along until
the end and now he's just gone entirely
it looks like they're not gonna have him
Ben you were supposed to protect me he
was supposed to help me trying to help
you you know you can always trust me guy
how about the treatment of the women in
Kai's cult following last week's episode
when it was centered around overthrowing
the patriarchy now they're literally in
the kitchen they're literally serving
Kai's members of his cult this was a
head scratcher to have yet main leads
waiting that too they didn't just get
other women the Chi didn't bring in a
bunch of women to be maids or anything
like that he's using the damn people
that he built up some of this yes yeah
this is crazy I don't how would they go
along with this and the fact is these
women helped him become the man he is
today more than anybody else and
especially someone like Beverly who was
you know promised so much power and then
relegated to serving all of these all
these men that are his muscle yeah I
mean come on think about it
meadow made all the masks she was a huge
integral part in this whole thing even
the assassination if you want to put it
that far jack played a role yeah
definitely I mean winter she brings in
most of his followers and then you got
Beverly who controls the damn media for
him the most important part of this
whole entire equation for guys like plan
and now they're just serving food in the
restaurant okay so apparently we didn't
have Kai's backstory the last time
around what triggered him got a portion
of it now we get the full thing yes
apparently it took place with the dark
web and pastor Charles the judgment
House yeah crazy it had you know some
House of a thousand corpse some sod
jigsaw vibes in there with all the setup
different traps but basically this crazy
pastor was just punishing people who he
thought were guilty of all these
different sins you got someone at a
Planned Parenthood someone for at an
AIDS clinic and finally this is what
made Kai snap so you already got all the
backstory you need with the parents
murder-suicide yeah but they decided
let's put another thing in here let's
give them some kind of like haunted
murder
Mystery House they vibe going on here
sure I love it because they just wanted
another set piece I honestly think they
just wanted to have a fun time and put
in another set piece here and this is
where they got to go crazy with it I
liked it
number four we had to touch on this one
winters Messiah baby kai has the genius
or a completely batshit crazy idea to
impregnate winter with the Messiah now
he doesn't actually do the impregnating
he needs
detective Samuels to do the physical
task well it's very confusing but
literally it's Bechet crazy what the
[ __ ] is this language sister this is a
holy space now I will never listen to
that song again same here same you yeah
flashbacks of junior high school dances
totally messed up now for me but
literally it's like how detached his Chi
from reality like he can't even pick a
get it on song he came and set the mood
right if you're gonna be that crazy now
he didn't pick Luther Vandross I see you
didn't play big boys two men he went
with okay all for one I'm shocked that
all for one let them use this song I bet
you they're gonna be surprised and how
exactly it was used right there could be
like wait a second we know was gonna be
used in this scene when you get the DVD
there may be a different song playing on
it just saying my immediate reaction I'm
sure it was for you why did winter even
let it get this far like why did it even
she consider such a thing
she almost let it go all the way to
intercourse yeah or she probably would
have said alright you know this is too
weird
she lets she dressed up in robe and
everything I can't believe it even got
that far okay and number five the
betrayers themselves dr. Vincent and
Beverly yeah he you know makes a a big
scene of punishing them yeah and I was a
shock to me that Vincent went out in
that fashion that quickly took off his
pinky to I mean that's your big bro I'm
just gonna cut off his pinky as a
warning yeah and the small little
punishment but not you know cut his
throat
but then Beverly leaving leaving her to
live might come back and haunt him you
don't should not leave someone as Ben
full and filled with rages as Beverley
now Beverly she could die in gruesome
fashion in the next episode or I don't
know week this could be something else
entirely we didn't see her die yet and
we got the final girls to talk about a
little bit later on so we'll see tell
your brother he's next a couple more
details obviously winter's version of
the truth of what happened in the car
with detective Samuels she says that
Beverly was the one that shot her we of
course earlier saw that it was her that
pulled the trigger I think she's just
you know lying to save her ass I love
you obviously and get beverly against
guy yeah another twist I guess you could
say at the end there with Ali uncovering
herself is one of the people in the mask
but I think people's always coming a
little bit yeah they assumed that she
was probably gonna link up with him and
somehow get close to him we'll see if
she becomes top dog at the end of this
whole thing and now Ivy's hoping that
you know maybe they can rekindle an old
flame know about that time now guys to
share our favorite lines of episode
eight Greg what you got I got this one
from detective Samuels in the car with
winter I want you to put the garbage
back where it belongs
because he doesn't believe in global
warming of course kai doesn't believe
come on he just had to add that little
thing in there I think each week Ryan
Murphy's gonna add one more little nod a
tent at our current administration
what's going on there with Kai yeah kai
is just like the troll of all trolls
he's like the super troll my favorite
was something he said to his older
brother when they first met at his house
and oh god just one more thing I need
from you
from now on call me councilman when KY
told his brother to call him councilman
you were like uh-oh the second he has
his hands wrapped around I'm thinking oh
[ __ ] yeah another exchange that we
enjoyed was between Kai and ally when
Kai went over to her house for some
sloppy joes he makes a reference to
Speedwagon obviously REO Speedwagon and
then she makes a reference to the band
Aerosmith just a couple of really cheesy
I mean I can rock jokes sliced in there
yeah sorry okay so who won this week I'm
gonna go with winter yeah I guess
because well she did stop the Messiah
baby ritual and then she killed
detective Samuels for almost trying to
pretty much rape her at that point and
but right after that she throws Beverly
under the bus because she couldn't come
up with a better lie for detective
Samuels death yeah I agree with you
that's a very good choice you know she's
she's getting rid of key players that
might stand in her way of keeping power
within the cult so yeah props to winter
to really make it moves in this episode
my choice is Allie just because I guess
the immersion therapy worked
I guess she's totally cured I guess were
supposed to believe that it's kind of
far-fetched but at least she's putting
on some sort of act and she's gotten
herself inside Kai's cult once that one
step closer to her son which is probably
her her ultimate goal so I got to give
it up to Ally to for kind of just
getting her [ __ ] together you know just
like getting back on her feet and you
know I think she is one step closer to
taking down Kai or taking over for Kai
we don't know yet but you know she made
moves yeah
that leaves us with one last question
that we have after episode eight Gregg
what you got well who's gonna be the
final girl or girls
we got winner IV Beverly for now and of
course Allie now common sense will make
you think that it's gonna be Allie
she'll probably take over the cult at
some point and just kill off Kai towards
the end of the season but I don't know
just yet it could be winter she could
get out of this law
or who knows Beverley could somehow rise
to the top from the ashes and make her
way through this I don't know what do
you guys think yeah let us know in the
comments below what you guys think Mike
my question was basically surrounding a
winter like in her motivations sometimes
I feel like she's ready to just kill Kai
and other times I'm like no their bond
is so strong and she's just completely
evil
her her motivation is very interesting
to me and then also Ally like issue
really cured is is she all put it she's
putting on a whole act is she definitely
gonna be all gung-ho about this this
cult or is he just ultimately concerned
about her well-being and Ozzy's
well-being so those are my questions
there you know we have a few more
episodes left to figure these out let us
know what you guys think in the comments
below any theories any predictions you
guys might have what you think of the
show so far
we'll be back next week right well the
months I'll be here yeah he'll be here
I'll be here
episode 9 of American Horror Story cult
thanks for watching guys bye guys what
if I asked you to make the ultimate
sacrifice for me would you do that with
a smile next Tuesday everything he
touches dies where's your wife
I want to tell you a secret
please help me my son's life depends on
this when I point to you you drink
brought to you by the evil within to the
evil within - available now